Update URL in /docs/tasks/federation/administer-federation/cluster (#14463)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/federation/administer-federation/cluster.md

{{% capture prerequisites %}}

* {{< include "federated-task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}}

> * You should also have a basic [working knowledge of Kubernetes](/docs/setup/) in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You should also have a basic [working knowledge of Kubernetes](/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/) in
```

How about linking to https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/?
